doc: update the manual deployment on the rke2 cluster (#288)
harvester/docs: docs/rancher/csi-driver.md

![select-harvester-cloud-provider](/img/v1.2/rancher/rke2-cloud-provider.png)

> Also, we could deploy Harvester CSI Driver manually if we already deployed harvester node driver manually. Then, please perform the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, we can deploy Harvester CSI Driver manually if we have already deployed the Harvester node driver manually. Then, please perform the following steps.
```

> Also, we can deploy Harvester CSI Driver manually if we have already deployed the Harvester node driver manually. Then, please perform the following steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also deploy Harvester CSI Driver manually if you have already deployed the Harvester node driver manually. Perform the following steps to manually deploy the Harvester CSI Driver. 
```

1. Generate the addon config

:::note

> It depends on `kubectl` and `jq` to operate the Harvester cluster. The following script needs access to the `Harvester Cluster` kubeconfig to work. The `<serviceaccount name>` is usually your guest cluster name, and `<namespace>` is also the namespace with the guest cluster created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It depends on `kubectl` and `jq` to operate the Harvester cluster. The following script needs access to the `Harvester Cluster` kubeconfig to work. `<serviceaccount name>` is usually your guest cluster name, and `<namespace>` is the namespace where the guest cluster is created.
```

> It depends on `kubectl` and `jq` to operate the Harvester cluster. The following script needs access to the `Harvester Cluster` kubeconfig to work. `<serviceaccount name>` is usually your guest cluster name, and `<namespace>` is the namespace where the guest cluster is created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The script uses `kubectl` and `jq` to operate the Harvester cluster. The script needs access to the `Harvester Cluster` kubeconfig to work. The `<serviceaccount name>` is usually your guest cluster name, and the `<namespace>` needs to match the namespace of the guest cluster. 
```

:::

> - Install jq:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Install `jq`:
```

  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/install_jq.png)

> - setup kubectl and kubeconfig

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up kubectl and kubeconfig:
```

> - Set up kubectl and kubeconfig:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set up `kubectl` and the kubeconfig file:
```

  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/setup_kubectl_and_kubeconfig.png)

> We can generate kubeconfig by using the [generate_addon_csi.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/harvester/harvester-csi-driver/master/deploy/generate_addon_csi.sh) script. It is available in the [harvester/harvester-csi-driver](https://github.com/harvester/harvester-csi-driver) repo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can generate kubeconfig by using the [generate_addon_csi.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/harvester/harvester-csi-driver/master/deploy/generate_addon_csi.sh) script. It is available on the [harvester/harvester-csi-driver](https://github.com/harvester/harvester-csi-driver) repo.
```

> You can generate kubeconfig by using the [generate_addon_csi.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/harvester/harvester-csi-driver/master/deploy/generate_addon_csi.sh) script. It is available on the [harvester/harvester-csi-driver](https://github.com/harvester/harvester-csi-driver) repo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can generate the kubeconfig file using the [generate_addon_csi.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/harvester/harvester-csi-driver/master/deploy/generate_addon_csi.sh) script. It is available on the [harvester/harvester-csi-driver](https://github.com/harvester/harvester-csi-driver) repo.
```

```
# ./generate_addon_csi.sh <serviceaccount name> <namespace>
```

> Then, we can get the `addon` yaml from the output of the above script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, we can get the `addon` yaml from the output of the script above.
```

> Then, we can get the `addon` yaml from the output of the script above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Get the `addon` yaml from the output of the script above.
```

![](/img/v1.2/rancher/csi_addon_yaml.png)

> 2. Create the addon config file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create the addon config file.
```

> 2. Create the addon config file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create the addon config file and add the `addon` yaml from the output above.
```

> Create the `addon` yaml from the above output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the `addon` yaml from the output above.
```

> Create the `addon` yaml from the output above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the `addon` yaml from the output above.
```

> Add the `addon` yaml from the output above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```
# mkdir -p /var/lib/rancher/rke2/etc/config-files
# vim /var/lib/rancher/rke2/etc/config-files/csi_addon.yaml

> ```

Reviewer 3: do we need to add the `yaml` file per node or only the control-plane nodes are enough?

Author: Yap, we only needed to add the addon yaml file to the control-plane nodes.

> 3. Install Harvester CSI Driver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Install Harvester CSI Driver.
```

Install `Harvester CSI Driver` from the Rancher marketplace.
![](/img/v1.2/rancher/install_csi_rancher_marketplace.png)

> We do not need to change the cloud-config path:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You do not need to change the cloud-config path:
```

> As follows, we do not need to change the cloud config path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not need to change the cloud-config path:
```

![](/img/v1.2/rancher/donot_change_cloud_config_path.png)

> With the above steps, the harvester csi driver should be deployed successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After performing the steps above, the Harvester CSI driver should be deployed successfully.
```

> After performing the steps above, the Harvester CSI driver should be deployed successfully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Harvester CSI driver should now be deployed successfully.
```
